hello welcome to Dedes in the training
catch
today I'm going to be preparing a salad
called the douche the douche is a
Mediterranean or middle-eastern salad
that has a lot of different vegetables
in it and it has a nice crispy mess
which comes from the fried pita bread
that's added to it we're going to start
off by chopping up some romaine lettuce
now we use romaine lettuce because it
has a firmer texture that can hold well
after it's mixed with the lemon juice
that we're going to add later one you
want on finely chopped throat Maine
lettuce some people use iceberg
I prefer romaine and it has more of a
taste and more nutrients than ice cream
lettuce
now I cut it into shreds I'm going to
place it want to use a fairly large bowl
you want to be able to mix all the
ingredients together later on
next I'm going to chop up the peppers
I'm using three different kinds of
peppers I'm using orange red and green
you can also use yellow but these
peppers have a lot of vitamin C they
actually have more vitamin C than
oranges do you want to cut them into
small small cubes this peppers going off
great Zanjeer faced and there's turned
out to be about a half cup to 3/4 cup of
each kind of pepper and this salad
serves about four people now I've
already pre sliced everything else
except for the cucumber I sliced half of
it to show you when I cut it in half and
you want to cut in quarters then also
you want you know your vegetables to be
all kind of the same size so we're there
we go there's a cucumber I have a cup of
shredded red cabbage or purple cabbage
1/4 cup or about to radishes also
chopped up I have one tomato or about
1/2 cup to 3/4 cup finely chopped
tomatoes I have a quarter cup of
shredded carrot I have a quarter cup of
diced green onions
I have a quarter cup of diced red onion
you need yellow onion that's fine and
then I have a half cup of chopped
parsley now you can add fresh mint or
you can add dry mint I like to add dry
mint to the salad
about a tablespoon of dried mint another
ingredient that complements the salad
very well is Samak it's about s UMUC
it's actually a dried ground berry
that's found in tropical climate areas I
need to find this at almost all of your
grocery stores or your specialty grocery
stores you want to add about two
tablespoons of dried sumac for the
dressing I squeezed two lemons and two
garlic's mashed with some salt to this
you can add about a quarter cup of olive
oil make sure you pick a very good olive
oil because it adds a lot of flavor to
the salad and also complements all the
vegetables
and then mix it up a little bit then I'm
going to add it to my salad it's good to
mix the garlic with the lemon juice and
the olive oil so you can get a big chunk
of garlic so if you put it in there it
might stick together but if you dissolve
it in the lemon juice and olive oil it's
sure to mix in with all of the other
ingredients
I've also fried some whole wheat pita
bread you can use regular peanut butter
you can use whole wheat pita bread I
also put it on some napkins to absorb
all the excess oil I'm just going to
break it up into my chalid like so
doesn't have to be chopped or anything
just break it up with your fingers you
want to fry it in some vegetable oil
this until it's brown be careful not to
burn include this fryer pretty quickly
there we go now you're going to want to
mix the whole style together now you can
mix it with a spoon or you can mix it
with your hands the flavor tastes just
as good as the color after you've
thoroughly combined the ingredients you
want to get a plain colored plate like a
white plate because there's so much
color in the salad you want to bring it
out and a white plate will bring out all
of the other colors that are in here
just get it hit the plate plate the
fattoush in the center of the plate and
voila you have a great looking sale and
all the colors the crispness of the pita
bread you can top this with some grilled
chicken some steak eat it with a side of
homos or a side of baba ghanoush it's
great has so much flavor you can eat it
by itself you can eat it for lunch
it'll fill you up it's a great salad it
looks a little complicated but it's not
you just have to chop up all the
vegetable
you'll have so much fun doing it and
you'll get so many compliments enjoy it
and join me again for Dee Dee's men
training kitchen
you